fix: correct sort order for async API keys and update related tests (#2741)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/smooth-dancers-shave.md

---
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Order top-level keys in AsyncAPI documents when bundling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ordered top-level keys in AsyncAPI documents during bundling for improved consistency and readability.
```
